Update README.md (#49)
raspberrypi/pico-setup-windows: README.md

# Pico setup for Windows

> > [!IMPORTANT]
> > We are not intending to support the pico-setup-windows installer in future; we're instead recommending people use our Visual Studio Code extension available at https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=raspberry-pi.raspberry-pi-pico. This has been developed to better integrate across all platforms (MacOS, Linux and Windows).
> >
> > To learn more, follow the [Getting Started with Raspberry Pi Pico-series](https://datasheets.raspberrypi.com/pico/getting-started-with-pico.pdf) tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
> In the future, the pico-setup-windows installer will not be supported. Instead, use the official Visual Studio Code extension available at https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=raspberry-pi.raspberry-pi-pico. This extension handles setup on multiple platforms, including Linux, macOS, and Windows.
>
> To learn more, follow the [Getting Started with Raspberry Pi Pico-series](https://datasheets.raspberrypi.com/pico/getting-started-with-pico.pdf) tutorial.

```
